>> Mike North: The last thing I want us to
do is make a production build of this app
and run it through a performance audit.
So we can see what we’ve built and
how it will perform
in a resource constrained
environment like on a mobile device.
The way you build a production flavor of
an Ember app which is all uglified and
minified and all of the development's
specific code is stripped out.
You just do ember build prod.
This takes a little while cuz
there's a lot of work to be done and
a lot of JavaScript to chew through.
It should spit out all of our files.
Then what we're gonna do is
use a production grade asset
server that I have built in
the slash server folder for you.
That this is the kinda thing that I would
be comfortable deploying to production,
but it's not running Ember CLI,
it's just a Node and
Express app that uses a fast boot
app server to spin up 8 workers.
I think by default it’s one per core
on whatever machine you have so
request comes in and it picks whichever
worker hasn’t been working much so
let’s see how that works.
NPM start.
>> Mike North: So there we go.
The reason you see so much logging here,
it's like these are all
of the process IDs.
These are 12 core machines,
thinks it's a 12 core machine.
Now that our production
build has completed, or
going to run lighthouse in a browser
to see how this performs in a resource
constrained environment like on
a low to mid-tier mobile device.
We wanna make sure that we use
an incognito tab to do this so
that you can be sure that no Chrome
extensions interfere with the testing.
So here's my incognito tab.
I wanna paste in a URL.
Obviously I'm not logged in because
this is an incognito tab, and
I'm starting out with clean cookies,
so let's select an user,
log in, and now we can go to audits,
and we will throttle down to 3G.
Leaves clear storage unchecked for
return visit and
it's running through all of it's tests.
So, the scores pretty well,
at 0.7 seconds.
We can try clearing this out and
not throttling it.
>> Mike North: And
we're at the point two second range.
I showed 0.1 at the beginning and
I got a little unlucky this time.
But this is really, really, really fast.
Now of course we're running
everything on local host, and so
real networking conditions will always
add to that, but they'll add to anything.
Whatever apps you're building,
you start at some number and then you
add networking and stuff on top of that.
So we're starting at 0.2 seconds.
And that’s got a lot of head room for
other things to be slow so
if you throw this on a CDN,
it’s still gonna be blazing fast.
If you have a slowish API behind it,
it’s still gonna be really fast so
this is showing us that Ember Octane has
hit its goal by being high performance.
And making it so that we can target
these resource constrained devices.